Who wants to treat Mr. Zhang, what's wrong with you?
Shizu Zhang Shoucheng offered mud pills to you as pills
I want to teach him a lesson
Did you ever think he would take the Kunlun treasure mirror?
Burn our magic tools
It even damaged the bundle of glory
Master, you must kill him as punishment
Sezu what
He actually has Kunlun Treasure Mirror
Could it be that
Is he more important than I thought?
What Kunlun mirror?
Master, don't be deceived by him
This mirror can't even arm the grandfather of the Crown Red Army
How could it be in his hands?
Yes, he must have taken advantage of the treasure to be taken back
Stolen it back
ancestor
You must kill that rebellious man!
How dare you make nonsense on the Temple of Heaven Mountain
Do you really think you are a disciple of the Unification Church?
donor
Although I am not a disciple of Tianyi Sect
But
My Qin family has been good with you for not a day or two
Why are you hitting me?
You almost hurt the noble of my Tianyi Sect
I don't hit you who to hit